Removing doc section that references LDAP auth backend as a future re… (#1036)
StackStorm/st2docs: docs/source/authentication.rst

* `Flat File <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-flat-file>`_
* `OpenStack Keystone <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-keystone>`_

LDAP

> ^^^^

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the formatting looks like, but it might be good to have the underline after LDAP so that it comes up as a section.

Author: Updated  formatting.

* `Flat File <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-flat-file>`_
* `OpenStack Keystone <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-keystone>`_

LDAP
----

> The LDAP backend authenticates the user against an LDAP server. The following is a list of

Reviewer 2: Let's reference the https://github.com/stackstorm/st2-auth-ldap repository here as a source of truth for the LDAP auth backend as it's now open.

Following that,
@amanda11 @StackStorm/maintainers do you think it's a good idea to also include more examples here from the https://github.com/stackstorm/st2-auth-ldap#configuration-examples repo for the users to find it easier?

Reviewer: @armab One thing, is there is more configuration parameters listed on the st2-auth-ldap page than there are on this page for the LDAP section. I don't know which list is correct!

Do we link to a particular verison of st2-auth-ldap or just the latest. If we pick up a version that isn't the latest, then it may be best to add further information to the main stackstorm pages (as then if st2-auth-ldap package has changes that aren't in a StackStorm release then people won't get confused). But at the moment I think we are just pointing to the latest st2-auth-ldap - so in that case a link out would make sense.

Reviewer 2: @amanda11 That's a good catch! So sounds like the current `st2docs` LDAP documentation was indeed heavily unsync with the https://github.com/stackstorm/st2-auth-ldap repository which is a source of truth. We use master/latest version.

@hnanchahal Based on that, please update the LDAP `st2docs` in this PR to reflect the actual https://github.com/stackstorm/st2-auth-ldap repository documentation and parameters.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for updating the old LDAP docs! Looks much better now @hnanchahal !

* `Flat File <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-flat-file>`_
* `OpenStack Keystone <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-keystone>`_

LDAP (Enterprise Edition)
-------------------------
.. note::

>   Prior to StackStorm 3.3, Extreme Networks provided a commercial version(Extreme Workflow Composer) of the StackStorm automation platform including an LDAP auth backend.

Reviewer 2: Yes, same as in RBAC PR, I think it worth keeping this note in place and also mentioning that `LDAP` is now available in StackStorm OSS since version `3.4`.

```rst
.. note::

  Prior to StackStorm 3.3, Extreme Networks provided a commercial version(Extreme Workflow Composer) of the StackStorm automation platform including an LDAP auth backend. As these enterprise features were donated to the Linux Foundation, LDAP is now available in StackStorm Open Source since 3.4.
```

> configuration options for the backend:

Reviewer 2: The only thing is missing here now is the direct link to https://github.com/stackstorm/st2-auth-ldap so users would be able to look at the source code if they need. Worth mentioning it somewhere at start of the LDAP doc section.

+-----------------------------+----------+-----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| account_pattern             | no       | {id_attr}=      | LDAP subtree pattern to match user. The user's username is escaped and interpolated into this string (see example).                      |
|                             |          | {{username}}    |                                                                                                                                          | 
+-----------------------------+----------+-----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| group_pattern               | no       | (|(&            | LDAP subtree pattern for user groups. Both user_dn and username are escaped and then interpolated into this string (see example.)        |                      

> |                             |          | (objectClass=*) |                                                                                                                                          | 

Reviewer 2: I think the `.rst` is not happy here because of the `*`.
Quick googling on the error message suggests this solution: https://stackoverflow.com/a/30454883/4533625

```suggestion
|                             |          | (objectClass=\*) |                                                                                                                                          | 
```

Let's see if that works

Author: I think i tried before escaping the  but it did not helped.

Reviewer 2: Looks like you found the solution, good stuff :+1:

* `Flat File <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-flat-file>`_
* `OpenStack Keystone <https://github.com/StackStorm/st2-auth-backend-keystone>`_

LDAP
----

.. note::

   Prior to StackStorm 3.3, Extreme Networks provided a commercial version of the StackStorm automation platform which included 
   LDAP auth backend. As these enterprise features were donated to the Linux Foundation, LDAP auth backend is now available in 
   StackStorm Open Source since 3.4.

> LDAP integration is enabled through st2-auth-ldap package. The source code for the package can be accessed here:
> https://github.com/stackstorm/st2-auth-ldap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LDAP is now included by default with StackStorm core and needs to be enabled and configured via ``st2.conf``. The source code for the LDAP auth backend can be accessed here: https://github.com/stackstorm/st2-auth-ldap
```
